# Dscription
The project aims to make life easier for user to choose what to watch. The site offers a wealth of film information, including covers, titles, stars and popular reviews, mostly focus on collecting user's review towards certain movie. People here can share their opinions freely and interact with other people. 

Googlebye make you not rely on google anymore  for searching for your potential interested movie. 



# Implemented Functions
- Our database has nearly 10 thousand movies or series, which are script from other movie website.
- Users choose to either create their own account by email or use their social account like Facebook and Google to log in. 
- Keep the log in session, until the browser is closed, which means refresh the page doesn't clear the login state.
- The movies' brief information is listed in our front page, which contains the cover, name and scores they got from users.
- Movies pagination function in our front page, from the first page to the last page. 
- More detailed movie information can be found in the detail page, but is a template only. 
- The navigation function, each components has its own navigation address, which make it easier to use. 

# To-do List
### Improvement of the interfaces:
* Make login interface have the same style with mainpage.
* Separate the container and view function, make code more readable.
* Apply redux in the project and make it combined closely with react framework. 

* Improve the interface of main page and make it better looking.

### Improvement of the backend:
* Optimize the data structure for faster access.

* Improve the login system to make it more secure and robust.

* Realize the comment function, and update the comments in real time. 
* Based on user's interaction, get the latest average score of each movie and update it in the page. 
* Online chat room based on firebase if possible.



# File Structure
	src	---	actions		---index.js 	generated by npm, define syncronization functions
						|--types.js 	generated by npm, export FETCH_TODOS as a constant
		|--	components	---frontpage.js	generate a div tag containing movie information
						|--Login.js		define the interface of login page
						|--MainPage.js	define the interface of main page
						|--style_login.css	define the style of login page
						|--style_MainPage.css	define the style of main page
		|--	config 		---dev.js	configure the information of Firebase backend
						|--firebase.js	set firebase using imported functions
						|--keys.js	export necessary parts of module
		|--	reducers	---dataReducer.js	get state or the payload of action
						|--index.js	combine the reducers
		|--	App.js	define the main page using Router tag
		|--	index.js	render the DOM tree
		|--	Router.js	make Router functions applicable
		|--	serviceWorker.js	make services applicable


